They have room and welcome to the SBO section of our course first section and get your a thousand in
the next couple sections.
We're going to talk about how you've gone from those medium reward.
Medium time investment strategies like getting press making a content strategy putting together some
videos.
Now can you transition into the truly long term growth channels.
The ones that can get you thousands even millions of customers.
Ever you're just not going to see results in the first month two months three months even.
These are the ones that you kind of take for the road and they can really carry your business.
So we're going to start off with SEO Search Engine Optimization.
Now the business and marketing world is perhaps the most famous of all the acronyms out there behind
maybe RTFM or low ASIO's I just said before stands for Search Engine Optimization.
And the reason why ASIO's so important for building your customer base is that SCA is all about getting
you and your Web site found.
If people can't find you well then they're less likely to read your content share your pages and become
a customer.
Now you can take a wild guess and say what you think the most popular Web site in the world is and you'd
be right if you said Google almost every single time zone opens up a browser.
What do they do.
They usually will go to Google and then search for something.
So being able to be visible within that directory that base that directory that basically acts like
business God is going to be incredibly important.
So what is it.
Well it's a set of guidelines and best practices you can use when you create and publish pages of content.
Its purpose is to make it easier for Google and your audience out there to better understand and find
the value in what you posted online.
Specifically I'm talking about ways to structure and write your articles.
Web site pages and blog post.
I'm also talking about putting the right information inside the HTML code and tags in your pages.
So Google has a better chance at finding and understanding what you've got.
And I'm also talking about ways to get other people to link to you because of the content you create
and the ways you share and promote your pages.
And I'm also talking about how you can reverse engineer CEO to plan your content strategy.
You can figure out what's prime for the taking use some keyword research to inform your decision making
and then make content you know will rank.
Not all of these efforts are done right on the pages you create.
Some of these efforts happen off the page as well.
Really it is about words it's about code it's about outreach through research and practice you'll discover
how to use the best of all three of those things.
The best words the best code and the best kind of outreach to get the results you want and grow your
audience.
If you're ready to learn about FCL then well I'm going to see you in the next lecture.